# PostCalendar v8.0.0 TimeIt Import to PostCalendar

In the admin settings there is a link for importing events from TimeIt into 
PostCalendar. The category of events is also converted to PC. Import can only be 
performed one time.

**Before proceeding make sure you have a good backup of your full database! 
Since categories are imported and the PostCalendar tables will be updated.**

The import script is based upon the last release of TimeIt (version 2.1.1). If
you are using a earlier version, please upgrade to 2.1.1 before upgrading
Zikula to 1.3.x. If you are using a later, unreleased version, this is 
unsupported but may still work. use at your own risk.

In order to perform the migration, the table must be properly named and the
system is scanned to detect the table. Please follow the directions in the Admin
Settings page to complete this step. The migrate link will be visible in the
admin menu bar when this step is complete.

After clicking the link to import events all TimeIt events are collected. 
Every event is converted into a Doctrine object and inserted into PostCalendar. 
Fields that are converted are: duration, all day flag, repeating, location info, 
contact info, sharing and approval status.

Please note that events that had 'random' repeat settings (multiple unrelated,
non-sequential dates) are not supported in PostCalendar and are converted to a
single day event. Events with repeat exceptions are handled as expected.

###TimeIt Calendars
All events from TimeIt are imported into the PostCalendar as the same 'calendar'.
Because TimeIt and PostCalendar handle this differently there is no simple
transfer (PC handles multiple calendars via categories). 

### Categories
Every event gets the PostCalendar category _Imported_ and the original category 
assigned in TimeIt. The categories of TimeIt are assumed to be in registry 
TimeIt - TimeItEvents with property Main. (You should confirm this before 
beginning the migration)

TimeIt categories are imported as a secondary category relation. If you wish to 
utilize those categories as the primary (or only) category relation, you may do 
so by doing the following:
   * Rename or delete the current 'Main' relation
   * rename the TimeItImport relation to 'Main'

After import the TimeIt event categories are removed from the old location in 
the categories_mapobj table.

The TimeIt version used for the creation of the import script was 2.1.1.